[Music]
when you board an airplane you expect a
pleasant flight with as much comfort as
you could get
but your comfort and safety too for that
matter heavily depends on your friendly
flight attendants of course they won't
say anything but there are things they
frown upon and one that they just love
but I'm getting ahead of myself so if
you really want a nice journey you
should keep in mind not to do those
things that earn you the wrath of the
flight attendants starting with number
one going to the airplane bathroom while
boarding it may sound like common sense
not to do so but you've probably seen
people doing it anyway reasons might be
different the most common one being the
passenger running awfully late and not
having had a chance to use the bathroom
beforehand that's understandable for
sure but still if you're not in a hurry
to board a plane it's best to do your
business in advance if you wonder why
flight attendants care about this it's
quite simple they get punished if a
boarding takes too long
say what yeah they can be fine for time
not well spent even if it's not their
fault at all and when there's a line of
passengers waiting to use the bathroom
while everyone else is looking for their
seats delays are guaranteed must be
people people number two taking too much
carry-on there are airports that don't
really check how many bags you take on
board granted but this doesn't mean you
should smuggle two backpacks and three
handbags the size of that blue IKEA bag
the overhead bins on board the plane are
limited in size and you share them with
other passengers remember that so when
you take too much carry-on with you to
unpleasant things happen at once one you
make other people wait while you put all
your stuff up there and to those people
who've been waiting for you can't put
their own bags into the bins because
you've logged them I'd be upset you know
on top of that it's flight attendants
duty to help those unfortunate
passengers cram their belongings inside
doesn't sound cool and it's not they
waste precious time
yours too by the way imagine your flight
delayed just because someone has taken
too many bags with them mmm I'd rather
not be that person number three
bringing sources of strong smells that
includes food you take on board with you
heavily perfumed items and those socks
you've been wearing the whole day a
whole week the planes cabin is airtight
and the air inside is constantly
recycled I'm sure you've noticed how
different it feels to breathe when
you're high up in the air and now
picture someone unwrapping a lunchbox
with boiled fish inside still almost
high buoy the whole cabin will soon know
that there's something fishy going on
flight attendants are not an exception
and even more they are working and will
have to stay and get rid of the smell
after the flight is over enough to ruin
your day for good but even Pleasant
smells can't get on your nerves when
they're just too much of them that
perfume piece of handmade soap you carry
onboard with you has a wonderful aroma
but only for the first few minutes when
it gets more intense
you'll probably get dirty looks from
your fellow passengers and your flight
attendants might ask you to stash that
fragrant thingy someplace safe or just
to step outside the most impolite thing
to do with smells though is perhaps
taking off your shoes no I know that
feeling when you've just spent several
long hours in the terminal and then
you're finally aboard and just itching
they'll let your feet relax a bit but
hey when you take your shoes off
everyone else has to smell them no one
can stop you from doing that of course
but that's just about being a good
neighbor
number four leaving your headphones on
this boils down to respect pure and
simple when a flight attendant
approaches you to ask a question it's
polite to take off your headphones and
pay them your full attention with a
simple gesture you can make their day
it's always nice to feel you're not
invisible to the passengers after all
you're not listening to music or
watching movies when a waiter
approaches you at a restaurant right so
why should flight attendants be any
different anyway besides being polite by
taking your headphones off you let them
do their job fluently and that as I
mentioned earlier is something they're
always thankful for number five asking
the switch seats
flight attendants confess that one of
the most frustrating things is when
passengers start trying to persuade them
to change their seat assignments
the thing is they simply can't do that
you have your seat assignment in your
ticket and boarding pass and changing it
on the spot may create on the mess and
once again it also makes flight
attendants waste their time on
explanations when they could be actually
doing their job which is honestly a lot
of things by the way the key one of
those things is ensuring your safety
during the flight so number six getting
up while the fasten your seat belt sign
is on this flashing sign isn't there
just for decoration it's actually more
of an imperative to make sure you stay
safe when taking off taxing and landing
as well as during turbulence
you should stay seated and fasten your
belt in case anything happens even
flight attendants themselves follow this
rule so when you get up to stretch your
legs or use the bathroom you'll create a
potentially dangerous situation both for
yourself and your fellow passengers it's
not cool to find yourself kissing the
floor when an especially unpleasant
shock goes through the plane during
turbulence number seven constantly
pressing the call button okay flight
attendants are there for your benefit
and comfort but there are a couple
hundred of other passengers with you and
only several attendants to serve them
if you insistently press the call button
for no good reason chances are you will
be asked to stop doing that or even
ignore it completely their job is not
all fun and games and if they realize
you're abusing the button they may
pretend they have more pressing concerns
at hand usually though those concerns
are more pressing of course
they risk being reprimanded
for not attending your call if it's
something serious but they're people to
give them a break
number eight asking about the menu what
do you have is on the list of questions
no flight attendant would like to hear
that's because the menu is normally in
the pocket right in front of you and you
have plenty of time to choose what you
want to eat and drink before the meal is
served when you ask a flight attendant
what they have you make other passengers
wait longer and get edgy
consider this when you take your time
ordering your food and drinks for me
it's enough to imagine that someone does
this while I'm waiting for the flight
attendant to arrive with that
deliciously smelling card number nine
not giving your trash to the flight
attendants one of the downsides of
working as a flight attendant is that
you only get paid for the hours of
actual flight all the work you do while
on land is free
I know it's terribly unfair but that's
how it is and who do you think keeps the
plane clean after the flight yep it's
them too it's never fun when someone
adds to your workload without adding to
your paycheck as well right so out of
respect for your flight attendants
please hand in your trash when they walk
along the rows with a bin
don't stash it in the magazine pocket or
let it lie somewhere else it takes too
much time to fetch it afterwards it's
also good to remember that you should
only give your trash when the flight
attendants are collecting it
specifically it's a bit weird to do so
when they hand out meals or drinks after
all they don't even have any bin to
throw it into you expect them to put
your used napkin into their pocket or
something
number 10 not listening to the safety
presentation if you travel by plane a
lot you might think you know it all
already and simply relax while the
flight attendants are presenting safety
instructions
some people even turn on the music in
their headphones or start talking to
their friends well ok granted safety
presentations are really similar on most
airlines but it's still worth it to
refresh them in your memory before the
flight hopefully you won't need them but
things happen and you need all the
knowledge you can get
in case they do flight attendants know
it better than anyone so they get really
frustrated when passengers ignore the
instructions number 11
touching flight attendants to get their
attention remember I told you about the
one thing all flight attendants loathe
well this is it we all agree that
touching a complete stranger in the
street or on public transport is out of
the question
sing goes for any other public place
including cafes for example if you don't
grab your waiter by the arm when you
want them to listen to you but on the
airplane many people seem to forget
about this rule it's absolutely not fine
to poke or grab a flight attendant for
any reason just like any other person
some attendants say though that there
are people who find it ok to touch them
by the knee or ankle when they pass by I
don't know about you but for me that's
just creepy
well bright ciders what are the things
you don't like that passengers do on
board airplanes let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today they give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
touching that flight attendant just yet
didn't you hear what I just said anyway
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life